1.It goes without saying that innovation is of utmost importance in this era when science and technology is 
development rapidly.For example,in recent years,an increasing number of scientists have made remarkable discoveries in their areas,contributing enormously to our society.
For example,the past several years have witnessed a sharp increase in the number scientists who have made remarkable discoveries in their areas.

趋势类:
An increasing number of students/youngsters (tend to) _____.
A growing nummber of college students (are likely to) _____.
A mounting number of students are inclined to seek a decent job.
People in mounting numbers _______.

A growing number of college students tend to return their motherland for further development/future career.
A mounting number of parents are likely to sendt their children to art schools.

见证类:
I was born in Beijing.
Beijing witnessed my birth.
Chinese economy is developing fast in recent years.
Recent years hava witnessed the rapid development of Chinese economy.
Beijing witnessed my birth and growth.

The past several years/Recent years have witnessed a sharp increase in the number of _______ who/which _____.

The past several years/Recent years have witnessed a sharp increase in the number of parents who are likely to send their chicken to art schools.
The past serval years have witnessed a sharp increase in the numebr of scientists who have made remarkable discoveries in their areas.
The past serval years have witnessed a sharp increase in the numebr of college students who tend to return to their motherland for further development.

The past several years have witnessed an exponential decrease in the number of students who	tend study abroad.
																									   abroad adv.
technology																							   go abroad
1.enable/allow sb. to do sth.   																	   study abroad
Robots enable/allow us to enjoy	a more convenient life.												   travel abroad
2. ...bring sb.sth.  																				   work abroad
Robots can bring us much convenience.	
																					   
3. offer sb.sth  offer sth.to sb.
   provide sb with sth    provide sth for sb.

Robots can privode us with opportunities as well as challengs.
Robots can privode us with comfort as well as dangers.

The pursuit of materialism enable/allow one to abandon his hope,give up his dream and indulge himself in the pleasure of material world.
Material world could offer us the illusion of happiness,while spiritual world could provide us with real pleasure for life.

robots
版本一：
It goes without saying that,in modern society,technology has brought us great challengs/unprecedented transformation.For example,robots are playing an increasingly important role at school and in the workplace.Therefore,there has been much controversy over what will happen when a growing number of robots replace our roles in daily life.

版本二：
In recent years,it is generally accepted that robots have attracted more attention from the general public and played an increasingly important role in our daily lives.However,when it comes to what will happen when more and more robots replace our roles,opinions vary greatly. 

trust between empolyers and employees
版本一：
With the development of modern society,it goes without saying that a growing numbers of companies tend to lay great emphasis on the relationship between employees and employers.Their mutual trust which are playing an increasingly imporant role can exert a huge impact on a company's success.
版本二：
It is beyond doubt that interpersonal relationship is of utmost importance for individuals and companies alike in such as competitive world.In a large firm,for example,building trust could allow us improve work efficiency and have a huge impact on our life.

 With the development of modern society,it goes without saying that innovation plays a key role.For example,when science and technology is development rapidly in this era,an increasing number of scientists have made remarkable discoveries in their areas,contributing enormously to our society.
 
 It goes without sayingt that innovation plays a key role in developing national economy.The past several years has witnessed a sharp increase in the number of scientists who are making new breakthroughs in their fields.This will definitely exert a huge impact on our society.
 
With the development of modern society,interpersonal relationship is utmost importance for individuals and teams alike.Their
mutual cooperation and mutual communication which are playing an increasingly important role can exert a huge impact on a team's success.

There is growing recognition that communication can bring us much convenience while team spirit allow us to enhance our work efficiency.

In such a competitive society where learning has drawn/captured a great deal of public attention.The recent years has witnessed a growing number of people which laid great emphasis on motivation and methods in learning.Therefore,the motivation and methods is utmost importance for one to succeed on modern society.

描述重要
... plays an essential role/ is of utmost importance
... pay special attention/lay stress on...
... can exert a profound influence on
... allow one to.../offer us.../bring us

引出主题
...has captured a great deal of
...has arisen as one of the heated topics/has emerged into one's vision
Opinions vary when it comes to...

事实举例
a growing number of... tend to...
the past several years have witnessed a dramatic increase in the number of ___ who/which___ balance work and leisure.
It goes without saying that work and leisure play an equally important role in modern society,Work allows us to earn a living while leisure can bring us much pleasure.Thearfore,there has been much controversy over how to make/strike a balance between work and leisure in our life.

In this era when competition is increasingly fierce,it cannot be denied that cooperation and communication both play an indispensable.For example,a growing number of companies,large and small,tend to lay greater stress on interpersonal comminication than ever before./For example,the past several years have witnessed a dramatic increase in the number of companies which tend to lay greater stress on interpersonal communication.

work more effectively and efficiently.
create a decent and harmonious environment.
enhance interpersonal relationship/network/skills.
bring us much convenience.

Specifically.

描图类 1:描图 2:含义
The picture/cartoon displays/portrays a very special scene:____.Simple as it is,what hte picture conveys to us thought-provoking.

The picture displays a very special scene:at a dinner,two youngsters are having a conversation over reading,when one of them methods that his favorite book is Facebook.Simple as it is,what the picture conveys to us is thought-provoking:social networking websites have exerted a marked influence on reading.
due	attention should be given to the influence of social networing websites on reading.

引言式 1：名言 2：含义
There is an old saying going like this,_______Simple as it may sound,this saying indicates that________

简单版:
There is an old saying going like this,"Knowledge is a treasure,but practice is the key to it".Simple as it may sound,this remark indicates that in modern society,practice is of utmost importance at school or in the workplace.

复杂版:
There is an old saying going like this,"Knowledge is a treasure,but practice is the key to it".Although this spark of wisdom has been buried in history for a number of years,it can be also applied to many situations even today.It tends to indicate that in modern society,practice is of utmost importance at school or in the workplace.

There is an old saying going like this,"Knowledge is a treasure,but practice is the key to it".Even though it is the experience of our forefathers,this saying can be used in many cases even today.It implies that in modern society,practice is of utmost importance at school or in the workplace.

If I were you,I would choose science as my major.
To my Knowledge,I would focus on the study of science.

There are mainly two factors contributing to the importance of science.
Many fundamental factors are involved in understanding the importance of science.To start with,as the job market is getting gloomy and competition fierce.it is increasingly difficult for college undergraduates to find a decent job.However,learning science can help us find a good job/it is easer for students majoring in science to find a decent job,because a number of jobs require science students.Moreover,modern technology considerably alters the way people communicate with each other.For example,Invented less than a hundred years age,computers are now used everywhere.As a result,science and technology is important to our lives.

Two fundamental factor are involved in understand this phenomenon.

经济类
Owing to the steady and rapid economic development of our country,people's living standard is simultaneously improving at a fast rate.
社会类
With the quickening pace of urban life and ever-increasing pressure,people in growing numbers are suffering from either the physicial or mental problems.
With the quickening pace of urban life and ever-increasing pressure,peolple in growing numbers are suffering  from either the physical or mental problems.
就业困难
As the job market is getting gloomy and competition is becoming fierce,it is increasingly difficult for college undergraduates to find a decent job.
With the unemployment rate running high in most big cities,job security is becoming less and less guaranteed.
技术好处
Technology helps to enhance the efficiency in people's study and work,making our activities more economical and less time-consuming.
Invented just 50 years ago,the computer is becoming an integral part in all fields of education and business.
Time and again,science and technology has created wonders and even miracles,thus fortifying our belief in it.

It is well-know that we exist in a dynamic world with various difficulties.We can do nothing but face them.Attitude is the key point to take the first step.

It is well-know that we exist in a dynamic world with various difficulties.We can do nothing but face them.

Simple put,the spirit of collaboration makes a person,an organization,and even a country,distinctively unique.Only those who are of qualitative uniquenuess have opportunities to succeed.

Travelling can enlarge our experience,relax our mind and widen our circle of friends.

In contemporary society where opportunities abound,everybody embraces his or her own ambition,and most of us are willing to strive towards our realization.

1.
Owing to the steady and rapid economic development of our country,people's living standard is simultaneously improving at a fast rate.
2.
With the quickening pace of urban life and ever-increasing pressure,people in growing numbers are suffering from either the physicial or mental problems.

As the job market is getting gloomy and competition is becoming fierce.It is increasingly difficult for college undergraduates to find a decent job.

Time and again,science and technology has created wonders and even miracles,thus fortifying our belief in it.
Invented just 50 years ago,the computers is becoming an integral part in all fields of education and business.
Technology helps to enhance the efficiency in people's work and study,making our activities more economical and less time-consuming.

Simple out,the spirit of ____ makes a person,an organization even a country,distinctively unique.Only those who are of qualitative uniqueness have opportunities to succeed.

Two fundamental factors are involved in understanding their importance in learning.To start with,in contemporary society where opportunities abound,everybody embraces his or her own ambition,and most of us are willing to strive towards our realization.However,everybody shoul have own motivation and methods in learning,and easer have opportunity to succeed 

The time is right for us to take full advantage of ample existing opportunities.We should do our utmost to understand others.Only in this way our society become a better place for us to live in.

There are mainly two fundamental factors contributing to the importance of innovation.
	To begin with,as the job market becoming gloomy and competition becoming fierce.It is increasingly difficult for college undergraduates to find a decent job.However,innovation can create a number of job positions,promoting the employment rate in society.
	Furthermore,time and again,science and technology has created wonders and even micacles,thus fortifying our belief in it.For example,invented less than a hundred yeas ago,the computers,an innovative product,is becoming an integral part in all fields of education and business.As a result,innovation is essential to our lives.

There are mainly two fundamental factors contirbuting to the importance of innovation.
	To begin with,owing to the steady and rapid economic development of our country,people's living standard is simultaneously improving at a fast rate.However,I personally argue that innovation,which can promote the development of industries,is definitely the cause behind economic growth.
	Furthermore,simple out,the spirit of innovation makes a person,an organization even a country,distinctively unique.Only those who are of qualitative uniqueness have opportunities to succeed.For example,the Chinese academician Yuan Longping honored for his success in developing the first hybrid rice in the world is also remembered for his spirit of innovation,which shines through every page of his life .


Two fundamental factors are involved in understanding this phenomenon.
	To begin with,when robots replace our roles in society,the unemployeement rate will run high in most big cities,and job security is becoming less and less guaranteed.As a result,those who take low-skilled work are likely to lose their jobs.
	Furthermore,time and again,science and technology has created wonders and even miracles,thus fortifying our belief in it.For example,invented less than thirty years ago,robots can play a role in doing dangerous work or exhausting word such as mining
	Furthermore,traditional way of thinking will change dramatically,and people will exhibit greater open-mindedness and a burning desire to determine their own destiny.Therefore,youngsters are more likely to study science and technoloy.
	

communication		allows us to		enhance work efficiency
mutual respect							create a harmonious working environment
building trust							widen one's circle of friends
										relax one's mind and release one's pressure
										improve interpersonal skills
										boost interaction
										enlarge our experience
Furthermore,in modern society where competition is intense,young people are under enormous strain from work and family.However,communication allows us to relax our minds,improve work efficiency and create a harmonious working environment.

There are two fundamental factors contributing to the correctness of this principle.
	To begin with,in modern society where competition is intense,young people are under enormous strain from work and family.However,mutual understanding allows us to relax our minds,widen our circle of friends and improve interpersonal skills.
	Furthermore,the spirit of understanding others makes a person,an organization even a country,distinctively unique.Only those who are of qualitative uniqueness hava opportunities to succeed.For example,the Chinese academician Yuan Longping honored for his success in develoging the first hybrid rice in the world is also remembered for his ability to understand others,which shines through every page of his life.
	
	the Chinese premier ZhouEnlai honored for his success in politics/diplomatic activities is also remembered for his empathy shines through every page of his life.

According to a recent survey conducted by China Daily/Chinese academy of Social Sciences/Professor Wang in Fudan University,_____.


about 76.4%/majority of CEOs in large companies all attribute their success to innovation/team spirit/building trust with employees/mutual understanding with their employees












There are mainly two fundamental factors contributing to this social phenomenon/principle.

Owing to the steady and fast economic development of our country,people's living standard is simultaneously improving at a fast rate.

万能理由：
communication		allows us to		enhance work efficiency
mutual respect							create a harmonious working environment
building trust							widen one's circle of friends
										relax one's mind and release one's pressure
										improve interpersonal skills
										boost interaction
										enlarge our experience
										
in modern society where competition is intense,young people are under enormous strain from work and family.However,communication allows us to relax our minds,improve work efficiency and create a harmonious working environment.
With the quickening pace of urban life and ever-increasing pressure,people in growing numbers are suffering from either physical or mental problems.

with the unemployment rate is running high in most big cities,job security is becoming less and less guaranteed.

Traditional way of thinking has changed dramatically,and people are exhibiting greater open-mindedness and burning desire to determine their own destiny.Therefore,youngsters are more likely to study science and technoloy.

Time and again,science and technology has created wonders and even miracles,thus fortifying our belief in it.For example,invented less than 50 years ago,the computer is becoming an integral part in all fields of education and business

Simply out,the spirit of ____ makes one person,an organization and even a country distinctively unique,only those who are of qualitative uniqueness have opportunities to succeed.For example,the Chinese academician YuanLongping honored for his success in developing the first hybrid rice in the world is also remembered for his spirit of ___,which shine his every page of his life. 

The time is right for us to take full advantage of ample existing opportunities.We should do our utmost to understand others.Only in this way our society become a better place for us to live in.

The time is right for us to take full advantage of ample existing opportunities.We should do our utmost to understand others.Only in this way our society become a better place for us to live in.


描图类 1:描图 2:含义
The picture/cartoon displays/portrays a very special scene:____.Simple as it is,what hte picture conveys to us thought-provoking.

The picture displays a very special scene:at a dinner,two youngsters are having a conversation over reading,when one of them methods that his favorite book is Facebook.Simple as it is,what the picture conveys to us is thought-provoking:social networking websites have exerted a marked influence on reading.
due	attention should be given to the influence of social networing websites on reading.

引言式 1：名言 2：含义
There is an old saying going like this,_______Simple as it may sound,this saying indicates that________

简单版:
There is an old saying going like this,"Knowledge is a treasure,but practice is the key to it".Simple as it may sound,this remark indicates that in modern society,practice is of utmost importance at school or in the workplace.

复杂版:
There is an old saying going like this,"Knowledge is a treasure,but practice is the key to it".Although this spark of wisdom has been buried in history for a number of years,it can be also applied to many situations even today.It tends to indicate that in modern society,practice is of utmost importance at school or in the workplace.

There is an old saying going like this,"Knowledge is a treasure,but practice is the key to it".Even though it is the experience of our forefathers,this saying can be used in many cases even today.It implies that in modern society,practice is of utmost importance at school or in the workplace.

There is old saying going like this,"".Even though this spark of wisdom has been buried in history for a number of years,it can be also applied to many situation even today.It tends to indicate that



There are two fundamental factors contributing to the ways to balance work and leisure.
In the first place,traditional way of thinking has changed dramatically,and people are exhibiting a burnning desire to determine their own destiny.Therefore,many people work extremely but ignore the efficiency of work.I believe that they could make a plan to arrange their time wisely.
Moreover,in modren society where competition is intense,young people are under enormous strain from their family and work.As a result,it is important for them to do some exercise to relax their minds after work.

There are two fundamental factors contributing to the correctness of the priciple
展开方法：
精神品质
People with the ability to undetstand others can not only widen their circle of friends/win others' trust,but also establish their career,fit into society,and even attain social status.

Employees who trust their employes can not only improve word efficiency,but also establish their career,fit into society,and even create a harmonious working environment.

People with spirit of teamwork ...
社会压力
in modern society and competition is intense,young people are under enormous strain from their family and work.Therefore,a growing number of citizens are becoming more self-centered and are less likely to trust others.As far as I am concerned,they should open their minds and seek to understand others.

教育坏处
It is educational system should be blamed
In current educational system,schools tend to pay special attention to the students' academic scores rather than their morality.Therefore,they often fail to undetstand their employers/colleagues|they often fail to respect others|they often fail to focus on the beauty of their minds.



There are two fundamental factors contributing to ____(this phenomenon/the importance of cooperation/the correctness of this principle).
万能背景 经济 社会 科技 教育 精神
1.经济：Owing to the steady and rapid economic developement of our country,people's living standard is simultaneously improving at a fast rate.

2.社会压力：in modern society and competition is intense,young people are under enormous strain from their family and work.
【Therefore,a growing number of people are becoming more self-centered and indifferent to the people around them.】

3.就业困难：With the unemployment rate is running high in most big cities,job security is becoming less and less guaranteed.

4.积极向上：Traditional way of thinking has changed dramatically,and people are exhibiting greater open-mindedness and a burnning desire to determine their own destiny.Therefore,youngsters are more likely to study science and technology.

5，6 技术，科技：Time and again,science and technology has created wonders and even miracles,thus fortifying our belief in it.For example,invented less than 50 years ago,computers is becoming an integral part in all fields of education and bussiness.

7.教育好处：
8.教育坏处：
9.精神品质：Simple out,the spirit of ___ makes a person,an organization,and even a country distinctively unique,only those who qualitative uniqueness have opportunities to succeed.For example,the Chinese academician YuanLongping honored for his success in developing the first hybird rice in the world is also remembered for his spirit/ability,which shines through every page of his life.
结尾
The time is right for us to take full advantage of ample existing opportunities.We should do our utmost to understand others.Only in this way our society become a better place for us to live in.

To sum up,due attention should be given to the spirit of innovation,We should do our utmost to promote the quality-oriented education to develop logical,independent and critical thinking.Only

To sum up,______.Parents should offer proper advice to their children to form appropriate outlook of the world,when it comes to this phenomenon/issues.The measures may not guarantee ultimate success,but the eventual pay-off could well be worth the effort.

It is well-know that we exist in a dynamic world with various difficulties/challenges.We can do nothing but face them.Attitude is the key point to take the first step.




Traditional way of thinking has changed dramatically,and people are exhibiting greater open-mindedness and a burnning desire to determine their own destiny.Therefore,youngsters are more likely to study science and technology.

in modern society and competition is intense,young people are under enormous strain from their family and work.However,communication allow us to relax our mind,release our pressure and create a harmonious working environment.

In modern society where competition is intense,young people under enormous strain from work and family

With the unemployment rate is running high in most big cities,job security is becoming less and less guaranteed.

Traditional way of thinking has changed dramatically,and people are exhibiting greater open-mindedness and burnning desire to determine their own destiny.Therefore,youngster are more likely to study science and technology.

Simple out,the spirit of ___ makes a person,an organization,and even a country distinctively unique,only those who qualitative uniqueness have opportunities to succeed.For example,the Chinese academician YuanLongping honored for his success in developing the first hybird rice in the world is also remembered for his spirit/ability,which shines through every page of his life.

Time and again,science and technology has created wonders and even miracles,thus fortifying our belief in it.For example,invented less than 50 years ago,computers is becoming an integral part in all fields of education and bussiness.

Traditional way of thinking has changed dramatically,and people are exhibiting greater open-mindedness and burnning a desire to determine their own destiny.

A glance at the bar chart reveals the poverty headcount ratio of rural population.Specifically,the rural population in poverty decreased dramaticially from about 80 million in 2012 to nearly 0 in 2020.Meanwhile,the ratio also showed a downward trend from about 10% to nearly 0% in the same period 

A glance at the bar char reveals the gross enrolment ratio in higher education between 1990 and 2019.in China.Specificially,the precentage/proportion increased dramatically from about 3.4% in1990 to nearly 53.4 in 2019.











