owing to the steady and rapid economic development of our country,people's living standard is simultaneously improving at a fast rate.

People with the ability  to understand others can not only widen their friends of circle,but also establish their career,fit into society,and even  attain social status.

It it educational system should be blamed.In current educational system,schools tend to pay special attention to the students' academical socres rather than motality.Therefore,they often fail to understand their colleagues and employers/respect others/focus on the beauty of their minds.


Owing to the steady and rapid economic developement of our country,people's living standard is simultaneously improving at a fast rate.

In the modern society where competition is intense,young people under enormous strain from their family and work.
However,____allow us to relax our mind,release our pressure.
As a result,it is important for them to do some exercise to relax their minds after work.

With the unemployment rate is running high in most big cities,job security is becoming less and less guaranteed.

Tradition way of thinking has changed dramatically,and people are exhibiting a greater open-mindedness and a burnning desire to determine their own destiny.Therefore,people work extremely but ignore their efficiency.I believe that they could make a plan to arrang their time wisely. 

People with ability to ... can not only widen their friends of circle/win other's trust/accumulate wealth,but also establish career,fit into society and even attain social status.


Simple out,the spirit of... make a person,an organization even a country,distinctively unique.Only those who are of qualitative uniqueness have opportities to succeed.For example,the Chinese academician YuanLongping  honored for his success in developing the first hybird rice in the world is also remembered for his ...which shines through every page in his life.

It is well-know that we exist in this dynamic work with various challenges,we can do nothing but face them.attitude is the key point to take the firs step.

It is educational system should be blamed.In current educational system,school tend to pay special attention to the students' academical scores rather than morality.Therefore,they often fail to ...

To sum up__.Parents should offer proper advice to their children to form appropriate outlook of the world,when it comes to this phenomenon/issues.The measure may not guarantee ultimate success,but eventual pay-off could well be worth the effort.

To sum up___.Parents should offer proper advice to their children to form appropriate outlook of the world,when it comes to this phenomenon/issues.The measure may not guarantee ultimate success,but eventual pay-off could well be worth the effort.